# Operating on Nested Lists (20 points)
We will assume that we do not know dictionaries, therefore we will use two corresponding lists to represent the values of variables as a nested list, which is a list of two lists. The first list contains the variables where each variable is a character and the second list contains their corresponding values.

For example, `[['a','b','c'], [1, 2, 3]]` means that the value of `'a'` is 1 and the value of `'b'` is 2, and so on.

You are not allowed to use sets or dictionaries. You also do not need to worry about aliasing as each part is independent of each other.

### 0. Multiply (Bonus 5 points)
Write a function which takes a nested list as input and returns the multiplication of all the values in the nested list. 
```
[['a', 'b', 'c', 'd'], [2, 5, 4, 3]] -> 120
```

### 1. Combine (5 points)
Write a function which takes two nested lists as input and returns the **combined** nested list. You may assume that there are no repetitive variables in the input lists.

```
[['a', 'b', 'c'], [100, 200, 300]] + [['d', 'f'], [300, 200]] -> [['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'f'], [100, 200, 300, 300, 200]]
```

### 2. Sum (5 points)
Write a function which takes two nested lists as input and returns the summation of the nested lists. The summation is defined as element-wise sum of the values of the corresponding variables. You may assume that the variables that do not appear in both of the nested lists have a value of 0.

```
[['a', 'b', 'c',], [100, 200, 300]] + [['a', 'b', 'd'], [300, 200, 400]] -> [['a', 'b', 'c', 'd'], [400, 400, 300, 400]]
```

### 3. Delete (5 points)
Write a function which takes a nested list and a variable name as input and returns the nested list by deleting the given variable. If the variable is not in the list, the list stays the same but an error message is printed.

```
[['a', 'b', 'c'], [100, 200, 300]] , 'a' -> [['b', 'c'],[200, 300]]
[['a', 'b', 'c'], [100, 200, 300]] , 'd' -> Variable 'd' is not in the list.
```

### 4. Intersect (5 points)
Write a function which takes two nested lists as input and returns a list which contains the common variables between the two. If a variable appears in both nested lists, it needs to be in the output list. If there is no intersection between the two lists, then it returns an empty list.

```
[['a', 'b', 'c'], [100, 200, 300]] , [['a', 'b', 'd'],[300, 200, 400]] -> ['a', 'b']
```
