## Future of Transportation (40 pts)
Today’s electric vehicles (EV) are cheaper to fuel, therefore present a greener and effective alternative to diesel and petrol counterparts. In this question, we are going to test this hypothesis through a simple simulation using OOP.

### Part I: Car Class and Subclasses (10 pts)
Let's start by implementing a `Car` class, which takes the brand and the model bundled as a single parameter, and also the production year, and the depot-size as the input as follows: 

```
Car("Toyota Corolla", "2019", 40)
```

There will be subclasses of this car class, namely `PetrolCar`, `DieselCar` and `EV` that stands for electric vehicle. The essential feature for a car in this question is its fuel consumption rate, measured in liters consumed per 100 km. The less **l/100km** value, the less money you have to spend on the fuel.

Likewise in EVs, the fuel consumption rate is measured in kilowatts per hour consumed for travelling 100 km (**kWh/100km,**); similarly, lower in this metric means saving money. 

In addition to the attributes of a car as defined above, you need to include the fuel consumption rate (kWh or liter per km) to initialize `PetrolCar`, `DieselCar`, and `EV` objects, as shown in the example below:

```
Petrol("VW Polo", "2020", 45, 4.7)
Diesel("Renault Clio", "2019", 39, 4.2)
EV("Mini Electric", "2021", 32.6, 17.5)
```

where input parameters are the name, the model year, the depot size, and the fuel-efficiency respectively. Finally, we will implement the print functionality to display the following output for each car:

```
VW Polo (Petrol, 2020) - 45 l, 4.7 l/100km
Renault Clio (Diesel, 2019) - 39 l, 4.2 l/100km
Mini Electric (EV, 2021) - 32.6 kWh, 17.5 kWh/100km
```

### Part II: Cost, Refuel, and Recharge (7 pts)
Write a function called `drive(distance, cost)`, which takes the total distance to drive and the cost of the energy source as input. 

The costs are given as follows:
* 2.097 EUR for 1 liter petrol
* 2.010 EUR for 1 liter diesel
* 0.247 EUR for 1 kWh electricity

Then, the function returns the number-of-refuels (or recharges) and the cost. Keep these cost parameters as a default parameter. Some important things to consider are:

* We do not count the initial charging as a recharging.
* If the max distance that a car can go is equal to the given distance, the depot is refueled.

You can check example input/output pairs to test your implementation in q1.py file. 

### Part III: Taxes & Yearly Spent (7 pts)
Unfortunately, the government charges EV more in tax to build new charging stations compared to petrol and diesel based counterparts. The calculation of the tax is as follows:

> **Tax =** 1000 * age * tax_coef

where `tax_coef` is as follows:

* **Petrol:**  0.2
* **Diesel:**  0.3
* **EV:**  1.0

We calculate the age of the car as (2022 - year + 1). Implement a function called `calc_tax` for all classses to calculate yearly tax, **without creating seperate functions in each subclass.**

You can check example input/output pairs to test your implementation in q1.py file. 


### Part IV: Selecting a Fleet (16 pts)
Your final task is to select a fleet (a group of cars) to find the two optimums:

* **The most sustainable one:** `find_sustainable(fleet1, fleet2, dist)`, which has the minimum number of stops in one year,
* **The cost-effective one:** `find_cost_effective(fleet1, fleet2, dist)`, which has the minimum cost of fuel/battery consumption including the yearly tax. 

We represent a fleet as a list of `Car` object intances. Both functions take two fleets and the yearly distance as input, and return `True` if the first fleet is more optimal than the second one, otherwise `False`. For the sake of simplicity, assume that the two fleets have the same number of cars. Additionally, you need to print yearly refill counts for `find_sustainable(fleet1, fleet2, dist)` and the total cost for `find_cost_effective(fleet1, fleet2, dist)` functions. (See the expected output).

