## Eat Clean, Get Lean (30 points)
Bruce is a fitness man obsessed with weightlifting, and he recently started to plan his meals strictly for faster muscle growth. He also applies intermittent fasting and eats only two meals a day. He has a target daily intake in terms of carbs and protein, and a list of meals that he can cook. 

Meals are represented as tuples in the form of `(carbs, proteins)` in grams, and target intake is also a tuple in the same format. Example inputs are given below:

```
target_intake = (120, 40)

meals = [(80, 30), (90, 20), (80, 25), (40, 10), (40, 20), (30, 20)]

```

### Part I: Naive way (10 points)
Given the list of meals and the target intake, can you implement a naive solution, e.g. with nested loops, to find possible pairs of meals he can eat in a day? What is the time complexity of this solution? **Please comment on the complexity of your solution in the allocated area in q2.py.**

With the example inputs given above, your function should return `[ [(80, 30), (40, 10)], [(90, 20), (30, 20)] ]` which has 2 possible pairs of meals.

**Notes:** 
- The total intake should be exactly equal to the target intake.
- He can eat the same meal twice.
- The order of the output list is not important, for the example above, `[ [(90, 20), (30, 20)], [(80, 30), (40, 10)] ]` is also acceptable.
- The output list should not have duplicates of pairs, such as `[ [(80, 30), (40, 10)], [(40, 10), (80, 30)] ]`.

**Hint:** The standard arithmetic operations do not work element-wise on tuples. You can use helper functions to avoid repetition. We will reward the reuse of code while grading. 


### Part II: Smart way (20 points)
Can you solve the same problem in a more efficient way in terms of time complexity? What would be the trade-off? **Please comment on the complexity of your solution in the allocated area in q2.py.** Note that both functions should return the same output and the same constraints as above apply.

**Hint:** Try to get rid of the nested loop by keeping track of what you have seen up to now in a dictionary as we have done in the class. Remember that the time complexity of retreving an element in a dictionary is constant. 